docs/alpha2-plan.md, before:

# Roadmap

## Release Alfa2 0.5.0
- Custom images on scenario
- Play sound effects
- Create scenario using code
- Code together

## Action plan

### Extras
- Roads dont have colision to avoid small jumps when walking

### Custom images
- Add basic shapes library with cube 
- Add library of images 
  - upload image + save in the realm
  - sync realm update of image library
- Add properties input WHEN creating basic shapes

### Audio - In progress
- Add code function to play audio
- Add audio library to the realm - explore using strings to define the sound or MP3 files
- player library 
- upload mp3 files 
- add code action to play mp3
- Drag and drop from library - timeboxed

CURRENT
- add code action to play musical note
- add code action to play a sequence 

### Create scene elements with code
- Add function to create scenario elements
- Display mouse position and character position - to be used as reference 
for the create scenario code

- Add legs to the character or wheels :)
- Add mixpanel.com tracking (timeboxed)

### play together
- Auto generate user name
- Allow to update names
- Send player position updates and user name
- Fix mesh template when receiving udpates
- Show other user character name above the character
- Wait for the full state of the scenario to load before sync
- Synchronize code updates

### Nice to have 

- Document examples of the image format
  - example on how wrap 6 faces on the cube https://playground.babylonjs.com/#ICLXQ8

- Add default library of images, with some minecraft images
    - https://aka.ms/resourcepacktemplate
    - https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/texture-packs/faithful-team/files
    - https://www.minecraft.net/en-us/article/try-new-minecraft-textures

- Add defeault library of sound effects

Commit message:

Update release notes, backlog and pump version

docs/alpha2-plan.md, after:

# Roadmap

## Release Alfa2 0.5.0
- Custom images on scenario
- Play sound effects
- Create scenario using code
- Code together

## Action plan

### Extras
- Roads dont have colision to avoid small jumps when walking
- Update on the Editor UI

### Custom images
- Add basic shapes library with cube 
- Add library of images 
  - upload image + save in the realm
  - sync realm update of image library
- Add properties input WHEN creating basic shapes

### Audio - In progress
- Add code function to play audio
- Add audio library to the realm - explore using strings to define the sound or MP3 files
- player library 
- upload mp3 files 
- add code action to play mp3
- Drag and drop from library

release 0.4.2

### Create scene elements with code
CURRENT
- Add function to create scenario elements
- Display mouse position and character position - to be used as reference 
for the create scenario code

- Add legs to the character or wheels :)
- Add mixpanel.com tracking (timeboxed)

### play together
- Auto generate user name
- Allow to update names
- Send player position updates and user name
- Fix mesh template when receiving udpates
- Show other user character name above the character
- Wait for the full state of the scenario to load before sync
- Synchronize code updates

### Nice to have 

- Document examples of the image format
  - example on how wrap 6 faces on the cube https://playground.babylonjs.com/#ICLXQ8

- Add default library of images, with some minecraft images
    - https://aka.ms/resourcepacktemplate
    - https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/texture-packs/faithful-team/files
    - https://www.minecraft.net/en-us/article/try-new-minecraft-textures

- Add defeault library of sound effects
